[store] Updated Release Notes (#4882)
organicmaps/organicmaps: iphone/metadata/en-US/release_notes.txt

• New OSM Planet data as of March 26
• Add localized links for the OSM wiki page
• Replaced uphill and downhill icons with more clear arrows
• Correctly import KML bookmarks with track data

> • Disable 3D buildings preference if power saving is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Disable 3D buildings preference if power saving is enabled
```
Inconsistency: just a couple of points end in a dot

> • [editor] Allow adding music and musical_instruments.

Author: ```suggestion
• Music and music instruments shops can be added using Editor
```

> • Sewing shops and haberdasheries are searchable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Sewing shops and haberdasheries are searchable and have a better icon
```

> • Distinguish supermarkets and convenience stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Searching for a "supermarket" doesn't result in convenience stores anymore
```

Styles
• New shop types: agrarian, appliance, bed, outpost, gas, key cutter, locksmith, carpet, motorcycle repair, pet grooming, hi-fi, bathroom furnishing, curtain, fashion accessories, cannabis, herbalist
• Added money transfer, bicycle charging stations, power plant

> • Made captions mandatory for capitals with a star icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Made captions optional for most of POI icons
```

• Made park, forest, and scrub colors different
• Added metal construction icons
• Improved aerial ways, cable cars, power lines, fences
• Reduce Barcelona subway visibility

> • Fixed isolines that are drawn over buildings, roads, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
• Fixed isolines that are drawn over buildings, roads, etc.
• Fixed rendering of multiple-type features (e.g. some POI captions were displayed too early)
```

> 

Reviewer: * Fixed rendering of multiple-type features (e.g. some POI captions were displayed too early)

(https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/pull/4835)

• New OpenStreetMap data as of March 29
• Navigation directions are now correctly displayed on iPad
• Replaced uphill and downhill icons with more clear arrows
• Correctly import KML bookmarks with track data
• Disable 3D buildings preference if power saving is enabled
• Music and music instruments shops can be added using Editor
• Sewing shops and haberdasheries are searchable and have a better icon
• Searching for a "supermarket" doesn't result in convenience stores anymore
• Add localized links for the OSM wiki page

Styles
• New shop types: agrarian, appliance, bed, outpost, gas, key cutter, locksmith, carpet, motorcycle repair, pet grooming, hi-fi, bathroom furnishing, curtain, fashion accessories, cannabis, herbalist
• Added money transfer, bicycle charging stations, power plant
• Made captions optional for most of POI icons
• Made park, forest, and scrub colors different
• Added metal construction icons
• Improved aerial ways, cable cars, power lines, fences
• Reduce Barcelona subway visibility
• Fixed isolines that are drawn over buildings, roads, etc.
• Fixed rendering of multiple-type features (e.g. some POI captions were displayed too early)

> 

Reviewer: add
* Fixed some POI captions displayed earlier than their icons
(https://github.com/organicmaps/organicmaps/pull/4884)
